XRT-2611: Sunspec 3.0 example (#256)
IOTechSystems/xrt-examples: Servers/opc-ua/federated/Explanation.md

## What does this show?

> This demonstration showcases the integration and interaction between Edge Connect Modbus Device Services and an OPC-UA server using MQTT. The focus is on monitoring and manipulating temperature data from battery cells. Although a simple demo running on one machine this is design to show how you can use XRT across multiple hardware nodes for example a gateway running a opc-ua server with multiple hardware nodes running device services sending data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demonstration showcases the integration and interaction between Edge Connect Modbus Device Services and an OPC-UA server using Sparkplug over MQTT. The focus is on monitoring and manipulating temperature data from battery cells. Although a simple demo running on one machine, this is designed to show how you can use XRT across multiple hardware nodes, for example a gateway running a opc-ua server with multiple hardware nodes running device services sending data.
```

Components:

 -   Modbus device: Device to be read

>  -   Edge Connect Modbus Device Service: Responsible for    reading device data according to a specified schedule.

Reviewer: extra spacing after 'for'
